1
|||
[COLOR dodgerblue]Muffi'n Update Notifications.

Hello World! All update informations will be published here!
(to see this message again restar your system)
This is the "first" muffi'n Build, so nothing new now... 
Have some projects going, on so suspet someting new in a few weeks or so
(but dont feel that you have yo update your system)
(if its not wrtten out here with CAPITAL letters that you should)
Have A Good Day! 

Install info........
For new users: Click DISMISS, another message should pop up
click FRESH INSTALL! Once install is done, click force close
and re-open kodi afterwards and you're good to go.
For old users: Go to update to check if new version has arived.
(this notification will also pop up every time you restart yur system,
and new updates will be anounced here.)

First Time Users! (authorize Trakt)
You will be asked to authorize trakt from both Track and Elementum.
First if you dont have a trakt account.. go to trakt.tv and make one now!
You will also need to go in to one movie then go to settings
and choose OpenMeta There you will go to Trakt and chose authorize.
When you have authorized ALL 3 addons you are good to go.
(all your settings will be saved later if and when you update yoyr system)
!!!IF YOU ALLREADY HAVE A TRAKT ACCOUNT!!! (!First Time Users ONLY!) 
Then you have to make shure to authorize Trakt Addon LAST!!!
(or else you risk losing your whole collection) YIKES!

First Time Users! (Enable VPN)
Go to Addons -> My Addons -> Programs -> VPN manager for openvpn
And Enable the addon. a pop up will apear and ask you a question.
Chose Wizard, and put in your credentials and follow the wizard.
Voulá, Your done! Go to Power and pres upp to find VPN and check your conection ect.

For more HELP with anithing, please contact your nearest muffin ;P

Changelog...
So many updates that i cant keep track... but main ones are:
Wizard! :) (now you can update from home, and make your own backups!)
New play alternatives!
New Favorite Category
Leia 18.1
Minor Addon Updates, tweaks and fixes.[/COLOR]
